ah I believe me okay check our back is
that for mr. Joby's outlook
followed by Kim boy pair down done the
news on on Sanjay racing team those are
the top three riders and pepper to be
amazing fourth overall throw open to
Texas
the 1.8 kilometer was struck with an
attraction to many spectators a
world-class track as described by top
riders in the country today an estimate
that of more than 200 riders that came
from key cities in the country paraded
to the capital town of tabooed Lanao del
Norte and started the two-day
competition in the last leg of the 2009
such a sports multiple series Gleneagle
or was ahead of points from Don active
zone and Jovi salute in pro light
division it was a good start for Aguilar
during the first here he was way beyond
donor to join and Jimmy saw yesterday I
had a good start and I wonder one to
five and open and my own second it made
Joe
my deal cock we cannot you cannot say
that the way we cannot be no gang belong
here up new Vista client during last :
Jacob a so I was just trying again my
best to win I hope and to still dominate
the race
on the second day Aguilar was leading in
the first three laps but made a freak
accident in the whoops causing him to be
put out of the action for the final hit
in
like addition standby medics came to the
rescue
healthy Aguilar who was grimacing in
pain
Maddox immediately transported but ours
later Aguilar was back in this pit area
and was not able to rinse again I had a
mistake in the the work reduce top on
practice race you know Ethan you know
man Glenna Gators always on top he's
always leading but you know were just
humans and people do mistakes feeling oh
I didn't have any mistake in that
portion some oops because I'm doing it
fast but I don't know what happened it
just the bike just kicked me and like an
igloo peon bike like that front flip
sure so then the neglected Jagga hole
and then Tina man upon whom I landed my
neck and my chest on the ground proposed
in again an opponent bites or I cannot I
don't know I had the next day but
Melissa on the hospital just to come
back and see the crowd they say Holly
school
Mankato and even so Hospital pocketing
go home Megan done colonic aha guru you
Paulo matado so Munez Paulo and I was so
depressed and me oppa Matata in an
accident a sappy : Nara Sabina pecados
emblem Oh muy a me NASA Casa Hammond on
a so-so
and a hospital den salami Mizzou God
sabe que la human a classic ow
Aguilar also managed to attend during
the first part of awarding ceremonies
but had to be taken back to the hospital
mr. J laughs need of such esports
insisted on bringing Aguilar to Iligan
city from Iligan city again mr. luck
need insisted of transferring angular to
a much equipped hospital in Cagayan de
Oro City mr. Liu or Nokia of MS moto
suit a personal friend of Aguilar who
visited the top-notch rider in the
hospital said that Aguilar is okay for
such a sports news update I'm Callie
give me em to the winners
ladies and gentlemen the riders on the
year ornate 5cz lass